Support OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_LOGS_INSECURE and OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_INSECURE environments in grpc exporter (#5739)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Add OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_LOGS_INSECURE and OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_INSECURE grpc exporter env options. (#5719)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_LOGS_INSECURE` and `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_INSECURE` environments in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlplog/otlploggrpc`. (#5739)
```
